# sloth-bot
Slack bot full of fun commands

## Installation
#### Install the required package dependencies
```npm install```

## Usage
##### Dev Mode
```gulp start-dev```
##### Build and run
```gulp build``` and ```node index.js```
##### Running forever
You can use the `forever` npm module to run this bot  
in the background forever using the command:  
`npm run forever`

## Config File
config.json should resemble:
```
{
	"prefix":            "^", // prefix to use bot commands
	"slackBotToken":     "xxxx-xxxx", // your bots token for connecting to slack
	"slackAPIToken":     "xxxx-xxxx", // optional elevated admin api token, can be bot token as well

	"steamAPIKey":       "xxxxx", // steam api key
	"wolframAPIKey":     "xxxxx", // wolfram api key
	"traktAPIKey":       "xxxxx", // trakt api key (client_id)
	"bingAPIKey":        "xxxxx", // bing api key

	"googleAPIKey":       "xxxxx", // google api key
	"cseID":              "xxxxx", // custom search engine ID for google images

	"githubToken":       "username:xxxxx", // token for authenticating with github format 'USERNAME:TOKEN'
	"includeForks":      false, // toogle to include forks for github function
}
```
* Prefix: The character that is required to use bot commands. eg. !googlesearch Sloths
* Slack API Token: The Slack token is ideally your own token or a token for an account with Admin access. This is required for commands such as !kick and !invite. If you don't want that or can't. Just enter your bots token again
* Slack Bot Token: This is your bots own token that is generated by Slack when you add a new Bot Integration. This is required for the bot to join your channel and use the API.
* Google API Key: This is required to use the Google API. You'll need to generate a Google API (Server) Key and enable the Youtube Data API and the Custom Search API. You can do this here; https://console.developers.google.com/
* CSE ID: This is the custom search engine token that is required in order to use the Google Image function. You can generate one here; https://cse.google.com/create/new . When creating put the Sites to search as `*:google.com/*` and once created in the options enable `Image Search`
* Steam API Key: You'll need a SteamAPI key to make use of most of the Steam functions, you can generate one here; https://steamcommunity.com/dev
* Github API Token: This isn't required but without a token you are limited to 60 requests an hour. You can generate one from your Github Settings Page. IMPORTANT: It must be entered exactly as shown otherwise github will return an error, you must enter your github username and the token seperated by a : exactly. so slothy:xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
* Include Forks: A setting for the github commit plugin to also scrape users repos if they are a fork, disabled by default as it can add a lot more work and requests.
* Wolfram API Key: WolframAlpha API key to make use of their engine
* Trakt.tv API Key: API Key for using the movie/show details plugin. In order to get a key you need to create a new app here; https://trakt.tv/oauth/applications . Once you have made an app, the API key is the client_id for the app.
* Bing API Key: Bing API key for their web search, we use bing instead of google because of the simpler API. You can learn more here; https://www.microsoft.com/cognitive-services/en-us/bing-web-search-api


## License
```
/*
 * ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 * "THE BEER-WARE LICENSE" (Revision 42):
 * Luigi POOLE & Js41637 wrote this. You can do whatever you want with this stuff.
 * If we meet some day, and you think this stuff is worth it,
 * you can buy me a beer in return.
 * ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 */
 ```
